Ome ha fix installation issues 20210112 (#541)
centreon/centreon-documentation: en/administration/centreon-ha/installation-4-nodes.md

  ms_mysql-master with vip_mysql (score:INFINITY) (rsc-role:Master) (with-rsc-role:Started)
Ticket Constraints:
```

## Integrating pollers

> You can now [add your pollers](integrating-pollers.html) and start monitoring!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now [add your pollers](integrating-pollers.html) and begin to monitor!
```
